Okay! You can see that we still have our
Swagger API documentation up here, and
there's a lot of control that we have
over to setting this up. So, let's add in
some, what I'm gonna call, metadata. So,
metadata is literally a phrase that
means data about data. So, we are gonna
add in metadata about our API. So what we
wanna do is customize this stuff up
here. That's a API documentation here. So,
we're gonna make that a little more
specific. And the way we do this, let me
come back over to IntelliJ, is we have two
objects that we're gonna be looking
at, one is the AppInfo, and this allows
us to set the title, description, version,
the termsOfServiceUrl, contact
information and whatnot. So, that gives
our API a lot more meaning, or the API
documentation a lot more meaning. And
then, this has an object in it for
Contact. Pretty simple object, just name,
url, and email. And I'm gonna show you
how to set that up in our Swagger
Configuration. So, I've actually typed
this out, and go over here and copy it. I
don't think you wanna see me type in
everything here. So, go ahead and paste
that in, and go ahead and import the
class. And one thing, you wanna be
careful of here, on this one, it's
actually several contexts here. And
within Swagger, we want this
documentation service one, not the model.
I'm not quite sure why there's two of
them.
Oh it looks like we have a older models
coming in. So, maybe a possible, some
possible garbage in our Maven
configuration, because we are getting a
1.5.3. So, it looks probably
deprecated. So let's take this one, and
bring that in, and we'll get him imported.
So now, we have this metadata. What we
wanna do is come up here, say apiInfo.
You know, just do the metaData and load
that up, so that that sets up our Swagger
Docket with our metadata, the data about
our API application.
And now, let's go ahead and run the
Spring Boot application. Yeah he'd stop.
So, let's go ahead and start him back up.
And got an error.
oops.
Small typo there. Now that should
be happy. Let's go ahead and try to start this up
again. Now, we are up and almost running.
There we are. Come over here and do a
refresh. Now, we can see Spring Framework
Guru Spring Framework 5: Beginner to Guru and
we see that would take me back
over there. You can see that, it
actually sets up my mail, and then, we do
the Apache License on this one. And then,
we still have our setup for our various
API URLs, and we do have a lot more
control over that. We'll get into
configuring some of the data around this
in the next video.